Different reference types: nullable and non-nullable (#1124)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/expressions.md

A *null_conditional_projection_initializer* is a restriction of *null_conditional_member_access* and has the same semantics. It only occurs as a projection initializer in an anonymous object creation expression ([§12.8.16.7](expressions.md#128167-anonymous-object-creation-expressions)).

### §Null-Forgiving-Expressions Null-forgiving expressions

This operator sets the null state (§Nullabilities-And-Null-States) of the operand to “not null”.

```ANTLR
null_forgiving_expression
    : primary_no_array_creation_expression suppression
    ;

suppression
    : '!'
    ;
```

> The *primary_expression* in *null_forgiving_expression* shall not be a *null_forgiving_expression*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *primary_no_array_creation_expression* in *null_forgiving_expression* shall not be a *null_forgiving_expression*.
```

Reviewer: Or perhaps remove this sentence entirely? Basically the grammar already handles this. It does mean that `primary_no_array_creation_expression` is now really `primary_neither_array_creation_nor_null_forgiving_expression`...

> The *primary_expression* in *null_forgiving_expression* shall not be a *null_forgiving_expression*.

Author: This can be removed with the latest grammar change:

```suggestion
```

> The *primary_expression* in *null_forgiving_expression* shall not be a *null_forgiving_expression*.

Author: This sentence is unnecessary:

```suggestion
```

This operator has no runtime effect; it evaluates to the result of its operand, and that result retains that operand’s classification.

> The null-forgiving operator is used to declare that an expression having a reference type isn't null.

Reviewer: Can it be used on expressions whose type is a generic type parameter not known to be a reference type? I think so, and that would mean that the "having a reference type" isn't always true.

> The null-forgiving operator is used to declare that an expression having a reference type isn't null.

Author: Suggestion:

```suggestion

The null-forgiving operator is used to declare that an expression not known to be a value type is not null.
```
